Refactor hipBLAS documentation (#950)
ROCm/hipBLAS: docs/how-to/using-hipblas-clients.rst

There are two client executables that can be used with hipBLAS. They are:

*  hipblas-bench
*  hipblas-test

These two clients can be built by following the instructions in :doc:`../install/Linux_Install_Guide`.
After building, the hipBLAS clients can be found in the ``hipBLAS/build/release/clients/staging`` directory.
See the next two sections for a brief explanation and usage notes for each hipBLAS client.

hipblas-bench
=============

hipblas-bench is used to measure performance and verify the correctness of hipBLAS functions.

It has a command line interface. For usage information, run this command:

.. code-block:: bash

   ./hipblas-bench --help

This example measures the performance of SGEMM:

.. code-block:: bash

   ./hipblas-bench -f gemm -r f32_r --transposeA N --transposeB N -m 4096 -n 4096 -k 4096 --alpha 1 --lda 4096 --ldb 4096 --beta 0 --ldc 4096

On a system using an AMD Vega 20 GPU, the previous command displays a performance of 11941.5 Gflops,
as shown in the output below:

.. code-block:: bash

   transA,transB,M,N,K,alpha,lda,ldb,beta,ldc,hipblas-Gflops,us
   N,N,4096,4096,4096,1,4096,4096,0,4096,11941.5,11509.4

> A useful way of finding the parameters that can be used with ``./hipblas-bench -f gemm`` is to turn on logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A helpful way of finding the parameters that can be used with ``./hipblas-bench -f gemm`` is to turn on logging
```

by setting the environment variable ``ROCBLAS_LAYER=2``. For example, if you run this command:

.. code-block:: bash

   ROCBLAS_LAYER=2 ./hipblas-bench -f gemm -i 1 -j 0

It logs the following information:

.. code-block:: bash

   ./rocblas-bench -f gemm -r f32_r --transposeA N --transposeB N -m 128 -n 128 -k 128 --alpha 1 --lda 128 --ldb 128 --beta 0 --ldc 128

You can copy and change the above command. For example, to change the
datatype to IEEE 64-bit and the size to 2048, follow this example:

.. code-block:: bash

   ./hipblas-bench -f gemm -r f64_r --transposeA N --transposeB N -m 2048 -n 2048 -k 2048 --alpha 1 --lda 2048 --ldb 2048 --beta 0 --ldc 2048

Logging affects performance, so only use it to log the command of interest,
then run the command without logging enabled to measure performance.

.. note::

   hipblas-bench also provides the flag ``-v 1`` for correctness checks.

> If multiple arguments or functions need to be benchmarked,
> hipblas-bench provides support for data-driven benchmarks using a YAML-format specification file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple arguments or functions need to be benchmarked,
hipblas-bench supports data-driven benchmarks using a YAML-format specification file.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   ./hipblas-bench --yaml <file>.yaml

> As an example, ``hipblas_smoke.yaml`` is a YAML file that is used to run a smoke test.
> However, other examples can be found in the `rocBLAS <https://github.com/ROCm/rocBLAS>`_ GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, ``hipblas_smoke.yaml`` is a YAML file used to run a smoke test.
However, other examples can be found in the `rocBLAS <https://github.com/ROCm/rocBLAS>`_ GitHub repository.
```
